[Music]
good evening and welcome to a special
edition of philly no pcs orlando so as
you know tonight is one of the most
prestigious galas in orlando the 19th
annual don quijote awards and most of my
team is already underway there but of
course someone needs to be here to give
you up-to-the-minute coverage so here we
go in tonight's news Prospera an
orlando-based nonprofit organization
formerly cold hbi f marketed nearly 9
million dollars in loans for
hispanic-owned businesses throughout
Florida last year the organization
estimates that more than 3,100 jobs were
created or retained last year by
Hispanic entrepreneurs who benefited
from their consulting and development
services on the scene and remarks I will
give you the latest updates on the 19th
annual Don Quijote awards gala talking
of the hispanic chamber and prospered I
have worked countless hours to put
together yet another incredible event an
inventor has become an animal tradition
in our community here with me gavi
antigoni to share a few words on
tonight's event and some recent
developments within the organization
Gabi I see you have a new look amazing
can you tell me why the change thank you
and reward you know this is the premier
event of the Hispanic community I needed
to make sure that I have a nice haircut
and you know I'm all put together I love
it thank you nobody no serious and years
HP is has gone through a change now as
we finalize our 25th anniversary we are
refreshing our brains because we want to
reflect who we are and also why we exist
and what can we accomplish for our
clients so now our new name is prospera
however we still continue with the same
services the same nation the same vision
but our new name is something that I
will inspire what we want my clients to
aspire well daddy thank you so much it
was great to see you and have fun
tonight thank you ola nelson over there
are you great Thank You the great as
well are you doing I'm doing fabulous
how r yourself I'm doing great and I
work that the Hispanic Chamber of
Commerce won a few Awards this year
cuenta knows yo el de la Sol haha yeah
that we D I mean this year just been
incredible first off you know the
Hispanic Chamber being Florida
Association professional certified the
only hispanic chamber in the state of
florida with that certification we ended
up with the largest chamber award for
the state so that was incredible already
and then later the US Hispanic Chamber
national recognition we won we beat out
all the other Hispanic chambers in the
nation and really it's something that we
couldn't do without the support of the
members the trustees the sponsors the
community and just overwhelmed wow
that's amazing thank you so much muchas
gracias and now back to you Villisca
Thank You Andrea for that incredible
coverage in other news the Hispanic
Chamber of Commerce of Madrid Orlando an
organization with tremendous reach and
impact maintains a membership of over
1700 surpassing some over Landa's
longest-running chambers since 2015 the
HD CMOS supplier diversity program has
provided scholarships for local
businesses to obtain a diverse on
certification and have led to over
300,000 dollars in contracts in other
news wait okay I was just informed that
jorge bernal entertainment anchor and
host of Telemundo's daytime
entertainment shows suelto la sopa just
a ride which is a good thing since he
will be hosting tonight's show okay so
okay wait more breaking news okay we
have a special announcement from our
shuttle sponsor ups Florida so now let's
go live with Kim from the UPS
distribution center in orlando go ahead
Kim good evening I'm Kimberly Wyatt
president of UPS Florida on behalf of
UPS welcome to the 19th annual Don
Quixote awards gala we are honored to
partner with the Hispanic
Chamber of Commerce of Metro Orlando and
Prospera for 19 years the two
organizations have come together to
honor those who demonstrate
extraordinary abilities in their field
of warp the Don Quijote awards gala has
grown from 250 guests to more than 1,000
and has achieved recognition by the
Florida Festival and events Association
and by the florida association of
chamber professionals for the best event
of the year our honorees demonstrate
leadership qualities that have brought
their dreams to life our founder of ups
Jim Casey once said we know that our
dreams and plans won't get very far
unless we have the right people in place
to make them realities the Don Quixote
Awards is a magical celebration of
diversity and inclusion it highlights
the different cultures that make up the
Hispanic community in this country ups
also celebrates the diversity of our
people and their focus on serving our
customers each and every day we deliver
wishes we consider every package to be a
wish delivered we deliver life-saving
medical supplies UPS delivers
revolutionary ideas that help our
customers grow their market share and we
deliver sustainable business practices
that reduce our carbon footprint during
the holidays we also deliver some extra
special wishes to deserving people in
the communities we serve as we celebrate
the value of Hispanic heritage I want to
share with you one very special wish UPS
delivered to highlight the connection
between real people the communities and
the customers that we serve
[Music]
it's hot today I remember my folks
telling me about the one time I saw it
it was in the early 1900s and it sure
made a lasting impression on them I
never thought that I gets it but ten
years ago 2004 rod woke up that morning
and well it's just like a Norman
Rockwell painting when my kids saw that
snow the gleam in their eyes the look on
their faces you know I wish all the kids
that has never seen it snow or seeing
snowfall could relive that day gives a
magical day
[Music]
you
I don't care how old your if you got a
heart and it's beating well you still
got some kid Indian you think about
playing in the snow and kind of warm
diplomat only in touch what a fun
surprise that certainly brought smiles
to the children's faces just as these
children anxiously awaited the surprise
of a lifetime we anxiously await the
announcement of which of our incredible
finalists will win the coveted don't
quixote award on behalf of our 15,000
florida ups errs who are honored to
deliver the holidays around the world i
wish you a safe and happy holiday season
enjoy your evening and congratulations
to all the finalists and winners who
embody the success of the Central
Florida's Hispanic community that's as
UPS president of Florida Kimberly why
and what an amazing example of making
the impossible possible evidently this
special broadcast would not be possible
without our shuttle sponsor ups Florida
okay hold on I'm getting another update
are you there andrea what's going on
it's about to start Valeska the 19th
annual Don Quixote awards gala it's
about to begin in fact I think I'm
starting to see some of the bosses a
pull up ok folks this is it for the
special edition of tele noticias Orlando
myself I get a go cuz I have to go there
bye I hope Alice can look at the traffic
report before she left now to everyone
about to arrive please do not rush one
accident the boss lady's be careful when
you step with those fancy shoes and long
gowns and gentlemen watch your ladies if
she falls you failed I have been advised
that you may experience the need to
dance a drink take pictures and left
please just so responsibly thank you and
don't forget to use a hashtag GQ awards
when posting on social media we don't
want to miss a thing
[Applause]